[WAF] Revert Security Level updates (#15415)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/terraform/tutorial/add-page-rules.md

Apply complete! Resources: 2 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
```

> With the Page Rules in place, try that call again, along with a test for the "I Am Under Attack" mode:

Reviewer: I think you used `I'm` before.

Author: ```suggestion
With the Page Rules in place, try that call again, along with a test for the I'm Under Attack mode:
```

< HTTP/1.1 503 Service Temporarily Unavailable
```

> The call works as expected. In the first case, the Cloudflare global network responds with a `301` redirecting the browser to the new location. In the second case, the Cloudflare global network initially responds with a `503`, which is consistent with the "I Am Under Attack" mode.

Reviewer: Same here.

Author: ```suggestion
The call works as expected. In the first case, the Cloudflare global network responds with a `301` redirecting the browser to the new location. In the second case, the Cloudflare global network initially responds with a `503`, which is consistent with the I'm Under Attack mode.
```
